---
title: MH Canned Chats
date: 2021-04-21 15:06
---

# MH Canned Chats
[GoogleDoc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14Vds-jajVkxXKapp6sy-NstymwvY-MTpsjIldNvxWKw/edit#heading=h.8tlk1yypf1oe)

## Canned Chat Texters
_Credit: Muhammad An._

;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
; CHATS ;
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
{ Beta release }
Thank you for reaching the Managed Hosting team via Chat.  Chat Availability for Managed Hosting is currently in Beta Stage, and as such, only 80% of the time spent during our interaction in chat will be deducted.  Please keep in mind that we are available between 9AM - 9PM Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays.
{offer Managed Hosting}
It looks like currently, you do not have a Managed Hosting Service. Managed Hosting Support is a paid premium support department composed of experienced System Administrators who are here to help you. For information on Advanced Services by the Managed Hosting Team, please go to the following URL:  http://www.inmotionhosting.com/managed-hosting
If you are interested and would like to purchase time, so that we may assist you today, please let us know which Managed Hosting Level package would you like. Please keep in mind that these recurring monthly charges, and the time if not used, expires within the month of that purchase. Here is a break down:
1 hour, $40 per month, additional hour is $45
2 hours, $70 per month, additional hour is $40
3 hours, $100 per month, additional hour is $37.50
Alternatively, if you did not want to pay I could transfer you back to regular support which is included with the cost of your hosting plan.
verification for tickets.
In order to assist you with these requests and for your account security, we will need account verification. Please respond back to this email with either the last 4 digits of the credit card we have on file or the hash code from your AMP. Please note that the last 4 digits of the credit card would be preferred because the AMP hashcode could change in the AMP and the only that you would provide us with in this email may have expired by the time we check to validate it. Please use the support article below to lean how to verify your account.
https://www.inmotionhosting.com/support/amp/how-to-verify/
Alter
a la Carte hour/$75.00 (does not expire)
**************************************************************************************************************************
Just so you understand how Managed Hosting works. Any time you come into a chat/call/ticket with us we track the time spent and deduct it from the total. If we are conducting a server review  we do the same. It may be a good idea to leave an hour for communication/investigation and an hour for work work. Also, we do not make a guarantee that we can resolve. Purchasing this time gives you access to the Managed Hosting team and we work to spend it efficiently.
**************************************************************************************************************************
{ Beta disclaimer }
Thank you for reaching the Managed Hosting team via Chat.  Chat Availability for Managed Hosting is currently in Beta Stage, and as such, only 80% of the time spent during our interaction in chat will be deducted.  Please keep in mind that we are available between 9AM - 9PM Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays.
{ start }
You've reached the Managed Hosting department, Inmotion's paid support team of System Administrators. Time spent with the managed hosting team in chat is used against the Managed Hosting time. Allow me a 3-4 minutes to get the account pulled up and read everything over.
{ end }
Thank you for contacting us.  If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us, we are here Monday-Friday, 9:00AM to 9:00PM Eastern Time. Shortly after this chat closes, you will find a feedback request in your AMP regarding our interaction, any feedback you have is appreciated. Our management really loves hearing back from our customers so anything is helpful.Did you know? Answers to common questions and problems can be found at: http://support.inmotionhosting.com.
{ intro/initial consultation }
The Managed Hosting Launch Assist time is used during any form of communications( call, chats, or tickets ).  You have received 2 hours of Managed Hosting Support, as part of Launch Assist.  These 2 Hours can be used for Website Migration between hosting server, or for performing server side customization, custom software installation, and for general consultation. However once this time is used up, you will have to purchase Managed Hosting Time to speak with a member in the Managed Hosting Department, the link below goes over further details.
For information on Advanced Services by the Managed Hosting Team, please go to the following URL:
http://www.inmotionhosting.com/managed-hosting
{ end 1 }
Thank you for contacting us today. We are available between 9AM - 9PM Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays, should you need additional immediate assistance please feel free to contact our 24/7 Support Department at anytime. Have a great day.
{ ending 2}
Thanks again for contacting Managed Hosting. We are available 9AM - 9PM Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays. We are available to take calls via 888-321-4678, option 7 or tickets can be submitted to us through the Account Management Panel (AMP). Any feedback on your experience is greatly appreciated and shortly you should be able to log into your AMP account to directly leave feedback there. Have a wonderful day!
{ ending 3}
Thanks again for contacting Managed Hosting. We are available 9AM - 9PM Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays.  We are available to take calls via 888-321-4678, option 7 or tickets can be submitted to us through the Account Management Panel (AMP).  Should you need additional immediate assistance please feel free to contact our 24/7 Support Department at anytime. Any feedback on your experience is greatly appreciated and shortly you should be able to log into your AMP account to directly leave feedback there. Have a wonderful day!
{ Chat xfer to support }
It sounds like you need to speak to our 24/7 Technical Support Department. One moment while I transfer you to that department, please hold for the next available agent.
{contact support}
You can also contact our 24/7 Technical Support team via submitting a verified ticket from AMP or emailing them directly to support@inmotionhosting.com You can also reach them by phone: 888-321-4678 x2 or 757-416-6575 x2
{Chat xfer to sales}
It sounds like you need to speak to our Sales Department. One moment while I transfer you to that department, please hold for the next available agent.
{Chat xfer to billing}
It sounds like you need to speak to our Customer Service Department. One moment while I transfer you to that department, please hold for the next available agent.
{contact billing}
You can also contact our Billing team via submitting a verified ticket from AMP or emailing them directly to billing@inmotionhosting.com  You can also reach them by phone: 888-321-4678 x4 or 757-416-6575 x4
{ inactivity }
Due to inactivity, I will need to end this chat. Please feel free to contact us again via chat or phone between 9am to 9pm Monday to Friday, or by email at at advanced@inmotionhosting.com. Did you know? Answers to common questions and problems can be found at https://www.inmotionhosting.com/support Thank you for contacting us.
{ verify }
For security purposes, we will need you to verify the account with either the current AMP password or the last four digits of the credit card we have on file. If you have already verified in the field, I apologize, but that field is not coming through for me.
{ link }
Here is a link to an articleAre within our Support Center Knowledge base that will give you more information:
{ wrong cc }
Unfortunately that doesn't appear to match what we have on file. Is it possible that you used a different credit card number? I can also use your current AMP password. Alternatively if you can login to your AMP you can click on 'Get Support' ( on the top right corner ) and provide me with the hashcode that you see there.
{ wrong password }
Unfortunately the password you have provided doesn't appear to match what we have on file. Is it possible that you used a different password? I can also use the last four digits of your credit card number. Alternatively if you can login to your AMP you can click on 'Get Support' ( on the top right corner ) and provide me with the hashcode that you see there.
{ ty for verifying }
Awesome! Thank you for verifying your account, I do appreciate it.
{how much time}
You have 2 hours of managed hosting time that comes with your account. This time is used by our customers for complex issues like custom software installations and server configurations. If you would like me to assist you, I will be subtracting time from those 2 hours. However, our technical support team will be able to address your email related issues free of cost as you get unlimited technical support with your account.
