---
title: Customer Relations
date: 2021-04-13 09:33
---

# Customer Relations
[Source](https://wiki.inmotionhosting.com/index.php?title=Customer_Relations)

Systems (Managed Hosting) is expected to maintain a high quality of interaction
with customers.

## Phone Calls

When on a call:
* Be confident
* Stay calm and professional
* Be consistent
* Don't be chatty
* Don't give hard CP/CPU second numbers
* Be confident
* Never give guaranees or promise anything
* If something is OOS, try to point them in the right direction

### Incoming Phone Calls

Most calls in are generated by us, for example a notification, suspension, etc.

**Procedure**
1. For calls in queue: "Hello, this is [first name] with Managed Hosting. Can I 
	 have your primary domain?
2. For Escalated Calls: "Hello, this is [first name] with Managed Hosting, how
	 may I help you?"
3. When able, get the customer's account information (if not already provided)
	 and pull their account up in Power Panel.
	 + Use holds, make sure you keep the cx updated every 5 minutes (at most).
	 + See [how to handle RA Calls](How to Handle RA Calls).
4. Once the problem is resolved ask: "Is there anything else that I can assist
	 you with today?"
5. If yes, troubleshoot as normal.
6. If no: "If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to reach out,
	 we're available M-F 9am-9pm EST."
7. End the call

If the issue isn't something that can be resolved over the phone, push it to a
ticket. If the issue can be handled by Billing, Support, or APS transfer as
necessary.

### Outgoing Phone Calls

Outgoing phone calls are usually generated by the Short Term Resolution (STR) queue. Others may be
genereated by a ticket or through the abuse queue. 

- [ ] What is the STR queue?

**Procedure**
1. Make sure you gather all the information about the call before you call the customer.
2. Depending on the issue, for the most part, the beginning of the conversation should be similiar to "Hello <customer>, this is <name> from InMotion Hosting with your account, <domain.com>. I'm giving you a call in regards to <your current ticket / a resource issue coming from your account / your callback request>."
	 + If you reach a voice mail, make sure your message is brief, and do not include details. Use the above script then add, "Please give us a call back at (the IMH or HUB toll free number), hit 2 for support, and ask for a system administrator. Thank you."
3. For resource issue calls, see: [How to Handle RA Calls](http://wiki.inmotionhosting.com/index.php?title=Customer_Interaction:_Tips_for_Handling_Resource_Abusers)
4. Once the problem is resolved, ask, Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
5. If the customer says yes and states another problem, resolve that as needed
6. If no: "If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to reach out,
	 we're available M-F 9am-9pm EST."
7. End the call

## Tickets

### Tickets with an ETA

If there's a clear path to resolution, update the ticket to communicate an ETA.

### Tickets with no ETA

When dealing with an open issue try to provide updates every 2-4 hours. For
issues affecting a larger amount of users, longer response times are acceptible. 

## Abusive Customers

See: [Abusive Customers](https://wiki.inmotionhosting.com/index.php?title=Abusive_Customers)

You're not required to deal wit ha defensive customer. Escalate to leadership,
or alternatively warn the customer that if they're not able to remain
professional you will end the call. 
